# Go API client for agilitycms

Agility CMS REST API for retrieving content from the Agility CMS.  The API Types are fetch (for published content) and preview (for latest, or staging content).

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.14.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://help.agilitycms.com](https://help.agilitycms.com)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import agilitycms "github.com/kevin-dev/agility-fetch-go"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `agilitycms.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), agilitycms.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `agilitycms.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), agilitycms.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `agilitycms.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `agilitycms.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), agilitycms.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), agilitycms.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ContentModelsAPI* | [**ContentmodelsGet**](docs/ContentModelsAPI.md#contentmodelsget) | **Get** /{guid}/{apitype}/contentmodels | Returns content models for the Agility instance.
*GalleryAPI* | [**GalleryIdGet**](docs/GalleryAPI.md#galleryidget) | **Get** /{guid}/{apitype}/gallery/{id} | Gets the gallery by ID.
*ItemAPI* | [**ItemIdGet**](docs/ItemAPI.md#itemidget) | **Get** /{guid}/{apitype}/{locale}/item/{id} | Gets the details of a content item by ther Content ID.
*ListAPI* | [**ListReferenceNameGet**](docs/ListAPI.md#listreferencenameget) | **Get** /{guid}/{apitype}/{locale}/list/{referenceName} | Retrieves a list of content items by reference name.
*PageAPI* | [**PageChannelGet**](docs/PageAPI.md#pagechannelget) | **Get** /{guid}/{apitype}/{locale}/page/{channel} | Gets the details of a page by its Page path, in a specific channel.
*PageAPI* | [**PageIdGet**](docs/PageAPI.md#PageIdget) | **Get** /{guid}/{apitype}/{locale}/page/{id} | Gets the details of a page by its Page ID.
*SitemapAPI* | [**SitemapFlatChannelNameGet**](docs/SitemapAPI.md#sitemapflatchannelnameget) | **Get** /{guid}/{apitype}/{locale}/sitemap/flat/{channelName} | Gets the sitemap, returned in a flat list, where the dictionary key is the page path. This method is ideal for page routing.
*SitemapAPI* | [**SitemapNestedChannelNameGet**](docs/SitemapAPI.md#sitemapnestedchannelnameget) | **Get** /{guid}/{apitype}/{locale}/sitemap/nested/{channelName} | Gets the sitemap as an array in a nested format, ideal for generating menus.
*SyncAPI* | [**SyncItemsGet**](docs/SyncAPI.md#syncitemsget) | **Get** /{guid}/{apitype}/{locale}/sync/items | Retrieves all content items in a paged format.  Each call returns a sync token that should be persisted and passed into subsequent requests to maintain sync state.
*SyncAPI* | [**SyncPagesGet**](docs/SyncAPI.md#syncpagesget) | **Get** /{guid}/{apitype}/{locale}/sync/pages | Retrieves all pages items in a paged format.  Each call returns a sync token that should be persisted and passed into subsequent requests to maintain sync state.
*UrlRedirectionAPI* | [**UrlredirectionGet**](docs/UrlRedirectionAPI.md#urlredirectionget) | **Get** /{guid}/{apitype}/urlredirection | Gets the list of all URL Redirections since a particular date/time. Persist the lastAccessDate that is returned and use that value to maintain state on subsequent requests.


## Documentation For Models

 - [APIType](docs/APIType.md)
 - [AgilityDefinition](docs/AgilityDefinition.md)
 - [AgilityField](docs/AgilityField.md)
 - [AgilityFieldType](docs/AgilityFieldType.md)
 - [HeadlessContentItem](docs/HeadlessContentItem.md)
 - [HeadlessContentItemHeadlessSync](docs/HeadlessContentItemHeadlessSync.md)
 - [HeadlessContentItemProperties](docs/HeadlessContentItemProperties.md)
 - [HeadlessContentItemSeo](docs/HeadlessContentItemSeo.md)
 - [HeadlessContentListResponse](docs/HeadlessContentListResponse.md)
 - [HeadlessContentPage](docs/HeadlessContentPage.md)
 - [HeadlessContentPageBase](docs/HeadlessContentPageBase.md)
 - [HeadlessContentPageByPath](docs/HeadlessContentPageByPath.md)
 - [HeadlessContentPageHeadlessSync](docs/HeadlessContentPageHeadlessSync.md)
 - [HeadlessContentPageVisibility](docs/HeadlessContentPageVisibility.md)
 - [HeadlessContentScripts](docs/HeadlessContentScripts.md)
 - [HeadlessContentSiteMapItem](docs/HeadlessContentSiteMapItem.md)
 - [HeadlessContentSiteMapNestedItem](docs/HeadlessContentSiteMapNestedItem.md)
 - [HeadlessContentZone](docs/HeadlessContentZone.md)
 - [HeadlessGallery](docs/HeadlessGallery.md)
 - [HeadlessMediaItem](docs/HeadlessMediaItem.md)
 - [NotFoundResult](docs/NotFoundResult.md)
 - [RedirectUrl](docs/RedirectUrl.md)
 - [UrlRedirection](docs/UrlRedirection.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### APIKeyAuthorization

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: APIKey
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: APIKeyAuthorization and passed in as the auth context for each request.

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(
		context.Background(),
		agilitycms.ContextAPIKeys,
		map[string]agilitycms.APIKey{
			"APIKeyAuthorization": {Key: "API_KEY_STRING"},
		},
	)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



